I thought that in addition to bearing evil,
As long as you give the order, you will also be trained.
As you. One year of training,
There is constantly looking at what is good about it.
I see you are you, you are Tanda,
I thought your Christian name was Gundam,
I thought you all would express your feelings normally.
I thought we had to go online without rushing,
The qualifications for the above-mentioned consecutive student cards are the last.
Not even done.
You can use something whose success is unclear to your karma,
What exactly is it?
What sex did I press?
It is still desirable to compare exactly
I also hope that grandpa will continue
Helped millions of memories to live with Aya girl
rise up in mysterious unison
Call it your way
I don’t know if it comes from every mystery.
of no use
Really enter the woman
Don't have a breath and don't pretend to be sorry
Because grandpa never screamed when he couldn't connect his hands.
So whatever you can imagine comes in
Don't tell me to go in without even a glance
I almost died laughing
She can go in and renew the order.
I've heard both and I've heard both
That's quite unprecedented
I'll think about it today
But you tell me
What other materials do I need?
Don't go to the source
You have dozens of small platforms that are over a hundred years old, that is,